"I would say the most important thing that I learned in this course was the concept of arthrokinematics.  I always just thought of movement in the osteokinematic prospective, and arthokinematics is something that I had never really thought about until now.

In previous classes such as musculoskeletal anatomy, we learned a lot about where bones, muscles, ligaments, and tendons were located and a little bit about what these muscle moved, but we did not deeply discuss the nature of the movement such as with arthokinematics.  I think understanding how the movements work is just as, if not more, important than understanding the anatomy of the bones and muscles.

I am going into athletic training, and I hope that this deeper understanding of movement helps me to get a better grasp of injuries.  Since most injuries are either occur during movement or affect movement, understanding how joints move is essential treating injuries in my career."
"* I think the most important thing I learned in this course is to take the time to break down movements completely. Usually my brain would just say that stepping up a stair would be just be hip flexion or knee flexion. Now I break each movement down step by step arthrokinematically or osteokinematically. This is going to help me so much to recognize where my future patients/clients are possibly weak in specific movements. That can be with using the big muscles that control the overall movement, or the little muscles that control the joints in the way of a roll, slide, glide, etc.

* This really helps me to focus on body movement patterns and looking deeper than the superficial movements. I can truly understand where the movements are coming from both in terms of the muscles used and the way that the joints are also moving. 

* This new information is going to be used for the rest of my life. I am planning on getting my masters in either exercise physiology or biomechanics, kinesiology is the foundation of both of those and my future career as a movement specialist of some sort. As I work on finishing my undergraduate degree, I will immediately implement this into my work as a personal trainer."
I think the most important thing that I learned was regarding the arthrokinematics of the joints in our bodies. This helps me to understand the movements our body makes in a more in depth way. This adds to my learning in the Health Sciences program because I can apply everything I have learned in this course to all of the courses that I will take in the future. This is important because rather than learning from scratch I can build upon. my knowledge from previous courses. 
"* I would say the most important thing I learned in this class is the basics of arthrokinematics and osteokinematics. I had never before learned about these topics and it has taught me a lot about the body that I did not know and will be able to use in my future education and career in physical therapy and I found it extremely interesting and I am glad I got to learn more about it.

* Based on what I learned in this course, it has added to my overall learning in the health science program because everything builds off of each other in these classes. For example, in MSA I learned all the muscles and their origins/ insertions, and was able to use that knowledge in biomechanics to learn the specific movements of those muscles and then an even more in depth learning in kinesiology of the muscles and bones and how they work within the body. 

* I plan to use this new information in my future classes and education to better understand how the body works and moves and also use this information in my career in the future as a physical therapist when I am teaching patients about their bodies and joints. "
"* the most important thing I learned in this course was the mechanics of movement specifically the gait patterns because walking is such an important part of the body's health.

* This course definitely helped me make more connections between my courses like biomechanics and musculoskeletal anatomy because even though we talk about gait and things like that in other classes we never went into the actual mechanics of it or how the body moves specifically going through the motions of walking

* With the new information from this course I definitely plan on paying closer attention to the way that people move I have always found how people walk in physical therapy interesting because the physical therapists have to pay such close attention to it"
"* The most important thing I learned in this course was about the different axes of movement in the ankle. I really liked the demonstration with the foot model and the bike spokes. Eversion/inversion vs pronation/supination of the foot was something that I have always struggled with, and having a visualization of the actual movement was very helpful.

* This class was a nice combination of biomechanics and musculoskeletal anatomy. I found that I was using a lot of the knowledge from those two classes in this class. This class was a good way to reinforce that knowledge and expand upon it.

* I plan to use what I have learned about osteokinematics and arthokinematics as a guide when learning about range of motion and gait patterns in the future. I feel like this background knowledge will give me a better understanding of how the joints and muscles move together in the body.

* I also really liked the gait portion that we did! The different types of gait videos were very interesting, and they directly applied to the work I am going to be doing in the future as a physical therapist! Definitely the most enjoyable chapter that we did."
"* the most important thing I learned in this course was about arthrokinematics. I feel like roll slide and spin are super important when it comes to thinking about visually how the joints move

* I feel like what I learned this year will be the basis of what we can build off of in the future. we will take classes later where we will need to use this information to get through our future studies

* I plan to use this information moving forward in my future classes so I have the previous knowledge and can learn more efficiently. I also plan to be annoying (in a funny way) and educate my friends on how their joints are working"
The most important thing I have learned in this course is the arthrokinematics/osteokinematics of the body. I believe that for my future profession, understanding how the bones/joints/articulate surfaces move on each other is super important in the PA career path and I will take that knowledge with me. This adds to my overall learning in the health sciences program because this class helped me understand things way more in depth than I did before. From biomechanics, I had a basic knowledge of how things move but now I understand why. I plan to take this new information and apply it to the courses that I take in the future and use it to apply in PA school to get ahead of my work.
"The most important thing I learned in this course is the importance of arthrokinematics and using your own body as a reference tool and do not simply memorize the material. It is important to fully understand concepts.

Based on what I learned in this course, this added a lot to my overall learning in the Health Science program. It is important because it showed me that merely memorizing material is impossible because in the health field everything is subjective so you have to be able to apply concepts to the real world.

I plan to apply this new information in the physical therapy field and in my knowledge."
"I learned hot to better understand everyday motion so much better. It helped me piece together the biomechanics of the body in a simple and fun way.

I can use this in my profession to better understand how people can get hurt, how movement is supposed to move, why injuries occur, and I can use that to better treat and communicate with my patients. I plan to use this in my profession as well as in my anatomy courses in PA school. 

 "
"* The most important thing I learned in Kinesiology was Osteokinematics and Arthrokinematics because it gives a fundamental understanding of the bodies movements.

* Based off this course, I am able to better prepare myself for future classes that involvement the movement of the body. This is important because it will continue to refresh my mind on my courses. 

* I plan to add onto this information to gain more knowledge about the body. "
"I think the most important thing I learned in this course was how to apply my skills from multiple different areas of learning, like musculoskeletal anatomy and biomechanics into one foundation of knowledge that will be beneficial with my career.

This adds to my overall learning in the health sciences program because it allows me to understand the human body, which is a very complex being, in another way than I have before. This is important because it makes it easier to understand what I have already been taught in more ways than one, and it also allows for a foundation to build for more knowledge that has yet to come. 

I plan to take this information and apply it to my future learning in both my final years of undergrad and my future years of grad school, wherever that may be."
I think the most important thing I learned in this class is how the muscles and joints function together. I knew which muscles moved which joints but this gave me a deeper understanding and also taught me the specifics of how joints moved (roll and slide). This is helpful in my overall learning because as a PT I need to know how the joints and muscles interact in order to perform the best job and help aid in patient recovery. I plan on using this information to further my understanding of the human body and help people in the future.
The most important thing I learned during this course was how the bones are really moving during different exercise and what muscles are taking part. This adds on to my previous knowledge of anatomy and adds an extra layer of information. I am now able to realize what different parts of the body are doing during certain activities that are in my daily life. I plan to use this information in the future during PA school. 
"The most important thing I learned in this course is how complicated the body, especially the joints, is. It took me a while to grasp how many things work together to produce a movement I can do without even thinking about it.

This course solidified what I have learned in biomechanics, musculoskeletal anatomy, and general anatomy together in a new way focusing on what happens at the joints and the muscles involved. This is important as a proper understanding of how the body moves relays insight into why the body evolved as it did.

I plan to continue learning more about the body, specifically the face and head region since I plan on going into dentistry. We didn't focus on the joints of the mouth and I look forward to putting my arthology knowledge gained from this course to the test. 

 "
The most important thing I learned in this course was submitting my previous knowledge of anatomy. I feel as if I now have a deeper understand of not just where everything is but also how it interacts. I feel as this class has immensely helped me pursue my health science major and prepared me for the class next year. I plan to take the information I have learned in this class and apply it to my senior year classes and hopefully my classes in medical school. 
The most important thing I learned in this course is the intricate movements of each joint and interaction between muscles and bones within joints through different range of motion. Based on this course and what I learned, the material that was introduced to me can be used in my future practice as a physical therapist. This is important because I will be able to treat patients and know their full capabilities based on the values and information this course taught me. I plan to use this information in future course moving forward next year and in graduate school. Overall, this course has taught me a lot of material that I can bring with me in the future practice.
The most important thing I learned in this class is how important it is to know terminology. That might sound a little weird, but knowing what something means can help you understand what is being asked easier. The more terms you know can help build off for future terms that might be harder to remember at first. This course helps me for future classes and understanding how the body moves. Even if this information doesn't apply to my future profession it is still helpful to understand how everything is linked and how the body functions. I will use this information in gross anatomy, motor control, and hopefully in grad school if that is the decision I make. 
"-The most important thing I learned is the muscle roles and the activations with those muscles. 

-Also how there are different types of joints that have different movements and combinations of movements together.

-I would say that based on what I learned that it will help me in my grad school classes this summer and understand body movement and function. It is important that I understand these concepts since I would work closely with those muscles and nerves and joints. 

-I will use it in the rest of my schooling and throughout my athletic training career. "
"* Understanding joints and bony landmarks actually furthered my knowledge on how muscles work. Many of the movements in the body are based on the laxity, capability, and locations of other structures, so learning everything about the musculoskeletal system helped me understand that.

* I learned a lot about how joints move, I thought it was as simple as flexion/ext, abd/add, I didn't realize they can spin.

* I also learned a lot about movements, joints, and muscles of the hand. I possibly want to go into helping stroke patients with rehab in the future, so I feel like this helped my future understanding of these topics.

* This was a great foundational course before going into grad school. I learned a lot more complex movements and I feel like I will understand harder content better as I further my education.

* This new information I learned will help me apply this in more clinical settings. Often I find myself lacking the knowledge to have conversations with physical therapists, so this will help!"
The most important thing I learned in this course is to implement what I know about the body and movements to answer questions. I feel like most of my anatomy based courses have consisted of me converting everything to memory and this class has been the first time that things click and I understand it rather than just knowing it. I am able to answer questions because it makes sense that the osteo and arthrokinematics move for certain movements and muscles and bones. This class will be so helpful for future classes both in undergrad as well as PA school.  I think what I learned in this course will allow me to be a better healthcare provider. It has provided me the mindset to know how to orient the body and it definitely comes in handy that I am able to copy the motions I am being tested on and know what is going on. I plan on using this new information to continue to study and understand the human body as much as I can to be a healthcare provider. This class has provided a great foundation for so much more to learn. This class excited me for the future of a healthcare provider. Thank you for a great semester I learned a lot!
"1) I would say the most important think I learned in this class was an understanding of how joints work together to create motions. I found the Kinesiology Movement Analysis charts really beneficial to my understanding on the osteokinematics and arthrokinematics of the different joint motions. 

2) This course added to the foundation that I started to create in musculoskeletal anatomy, then added to in biomechanics and kinesiology. This greatly added to my overall learning in the Health Science program because it not only taught me how the body moves, but why. It is important because as a physician, I want to ensure that my patients are using their bodies correctly and I want to be able to guide them in the right direction. 

3) I plan to use to information to help me get further in my desired career as a physician. I am interested in DO school, which uses a more holistic and full body approach, where kinesiology principles could be used to understand why someone is going through a certain issue. "
"1) I think the most important thing I learned this semester was the function of each section we learned about. We have learned about general function but it has been more about location and structure, so it was nice to learn more about function of each joint and the different types.

2) I believe this class was the cherry on top of what all we have learned. We have learned the anatomy in other anatomy classes, we learned the physics and still picture idea in biomechanics and this class dove into the function of the body's joints. This class was a great stepping stone into what we will put together in Gross anatomy.

3) Interestingly enough, I actually do not plan on taking Gross anatomy for a variety of reasons, but with this new knowledge I will enter my internship where I focus on ergonomics and try to make things easier on the bodies of the workers I will be working alongside."
I think the most important thing I learned is the osteokinematics and arthokinematics in this class. The information I learned in this adds to my overall learning in the health sciences program because I am now able to link many previous classes (biomechanics, MSA, etc.) all together and relate them to kinesiology. This is important for me as a future PT student to think about joints bones muscles and ligaments all as one fluid dynamic working together. I plan on using this new information in graduate school with me to further apply the knowledge I gained to clinical settings. 
"* I would say the most important thing I learned in this course are the osteokinematics of the body as a whole. I really changed my way of thinking during everyday movements like taking a drink of water or even turning my steering wheel. I also fully understand my exercises during my workouts which I feel as improved my progression.

* This class added to my overall knowledge in my health science program in that I was able to connect previous classes together. For example, I can now comfortably connect the muscles I learned during musculoskeletal anatomy to some of the principles that I learned during biomechanics. This is important because being able to connect the topics will help me be successful in my future profession of physical therapy.

* With this new information I plan to carry it into my other courses to help with my understanding of the topics I will be learning. I will also be carrying this new information into my future profession. Physical therapy requires a great understanding of how the human body moves and how parts interact with each other, and the topics I learned in this class will remain relevant for the rest of my career. "
"* The most important thing I learned in this course was how to study effectively and efficiently. I feel that the videos and power points allowed me to really think about the reasoning behind the objectives and topics that we learned about, instead of just memorized. I took away how to also take better notes as well from the videos. 

* This course has allowed me to better my understanding of the human body, along with the reasonings as to why things are the way that they are and do the things that they do. This adds to my overall learning in the Health Science program because I will continue to build on the knowledge that I gained this past year. I am constantly and consistently progressing in my program and feel readily prepared for senior year, and ultimately grad school. 

* I plan to further my educational value with the new information that I learned this year and in this course specifically. I will use this not only within my following years of education, but in the field as well with observation hours and once I graduate.  "
The most important thing I learned in this course was how different muscles and joints work together to create complex movements.  In other classes, we learned the basics of what each muscle does and basic motions of the joints, but we never went super in depth about specifically how everything works together to create complex human movement.  This class adds so much specific movement knowledge to my college career that I wouldn't have gotten in other classes.  Knowing these movement relationships is crucial to my future physical therapy career because it allows me to know exactly what motions are going on inside my patients and be able to identify what problems could be causing a range of motion inhibition.  With the information I learned in this class, I will look at my own movements differently, and the movements of others, fully knowing what all has to work together to create them.
"1. The most important thing I learned in this course was how physical movement in human activity is studied. Based on the information we learned, it was significant to my profession to know how each muscle and joint works together to move the body.

2. This course helped with my overall learning by going through the muscle and joint actions. The knowledge of Kinesiology will help when I continue to explore how to manage biomechanical processes of the body and how it contributes to a person's overall health. 

3. With this knew information, it will be most beneficial when I am prescribing different exercises for athletes to prevent injuries, as well as when they are injured and going through the rehabilitation process. "
". The most important thing I learned in this course is the muscle movements and how each correlates to the bone structure. Also knowing about how muscles work under OKC and CKC as well osteokinematics and arthrokinematics is very important in understanding the human anatomy as well.

. This adds to my overall learning in the Health Science Program as it prepares me for other courses such as Gross Anatomy. This is important because as a Health Science Program, especially in the health profession, understanding the human anatomy is crucial for many professions such as orthopedics. 

. I plan to use this new information and apply it to my future gross anatomy class as well as retaining the information in my future life as I pursue my career as understanding the muscles and mechanisms is crucial as I become a PA. "
This course helped me learn a lot about the body. The most important thing I learned in this course contributing to lab settings and utilizing the time in class to visualize see the body. Also use my own body to answer question associated with this course. Based on what I learned in this course what could help me in Health Science Program is applying this knowledge in each class. I feel through my classes in health science they all go together in some way and to use this information. I think this class really helped me with different study methods and using they body to study concepts. I plan to all of the information I used to help me in my future as a PA and even know when I work in the hospital as a PCA. 
"1. The most important thing I learned in this course is the importance of bone architecture and how it can greatly affect the mobility and action of the body. 

2. This adds to my understanding of movement by pivoting off of physics and biomechanics by further specifying movements and their forces within the body, not just in an overall force relationship.

3. I will use it as a jumping-off point to further my studies. I am working on solidifying my understanding of arthrokinematic and ostokinematics. I hope to use this to make learning the muscles again in gross anatomy, in the fall, much easier. "
"* I would say the most important thing i learned in this course was able to identify the arthro and osteokinemaitcs of our body. Although it was a very hard concept to grasp at first, going to lab and seeing how everything in. our bodies work and move was extremely helpful and beneficial for my learning. 

* I think I will be able to use all of this information in the future. I want to be involved in pediatrics at a hospital. I think being able to know where each movement comes from and how our bones and muscle work I will be able to answer rightfully and thoroughly questions for patients and families. For example: what we learned in class about gait and how it is different for babies and adult and how they develop. 

* I plan on using this information in the future with what I want to do in my career. "
"-The most important thing I learned in this course is the arthokinematics and osteokinematics of the different joints. 

-I think this class adds much to my overall learning in the health sciences building by learning the basics and in-depth material of how the body moves and moves with other parts. This is important because as a health sciences major, I will always be learning about how the body moves and work. Having this class will allow me able to understand future courses. 

-I plan to use this information in my courses next year and in my job as a PCA to understand more of how my patients are moving. 

 "
"I applied my learning from A&P / biomechanics into kinesiology to understand the arthrokinematics and osteokinematics of the body. 

 

This has added to my overall learning in the Health Science program by taking my knowledge of the bones/muscles and understanding how exactly they move. This is important because in my profession I will need to understand this to asses patients.

 

I plan to use it in gross anatomy to do good in the class! I also plan to keep this knowledge for medical school and later in my profession. 

:-)"
"1.) The most important thing I have learned is the relevance of arthrokinematics to the clinical world. It is sometimes difficult to understand the arthrokinematics, but it is important to know how the joints move in order to be able to treat patients and understand why injuries happen. For example, it would be important to understand the arthrokinematics of the shoulder when it comes to treating a baseball player with a torn rotator cuff. We would need to be able to understand how excessive shoulder external rotation could have caused this and it is relevant to understand the motions of the shoulder in external rotation. 

2.) As a pre-physical therapy major, this class is extremely important to my overall learning. Physical therapists need to have a good understanding of how the body moves and how the muscles work. We need to understand the lines of muscle action force and how they move around their axes in order to understand why certain injuries occur and how to avoid those injuries.

3.) I plan on using the information I have learned to aid me in future courses. I now have a basic understanding of how the bones and muscles move, and I will now be able to apply this to more complex classes that go more into depth on types of injuries and clinical scenerios. 

 "
I think the most important thing I learned was how the body rolls and slides on each other. The reason I think this is because it puts my mind in a different perspective when I think of how the muscles work on the body. It also makes me think of how the joints, ligaments, and tendons work together to keep my body all together. This contributes to my overall health science experience because again, it puts my mind into a different perspective of how the body works together but also engraves in my brain how the muscles work when I am given an example of a body movement. I can put myself in kinesiology shoes as I am in other classes to further my understanding of the content. This new information will allow me to accept new knowledge I will learn in the physical therapy world as this information would be my background for further information. 
The most important thing I learned in this course is that there is multiple contributors to every function of the body, so generalization is nearly impossible. I think this course has contributed the most thus far to my overall learning in the Health Sciences program, challenging me to think deeper on concepts I previously had a simpler understanding of, and bringing together knowledge from MSA and Biomechanics. Moving forward, I plan to continue building on my understanding of how all the moving pieces play together as I continue working to my degree.
The most important thing I learned in this course is clinical application of the content. For example, how degrees of motion can diagnose overvalgus or overvaris in lower and upper extremities. This class is important to health sciences because physical application of movement applies to health of a patient. A patients strength, flexibility, etc can be a determinant of metabolic health. Body physics is also important for overall understanding of body composition. I plan to apply this information in the future when it comes to physical treatment plans for patients. 
I think the most important thing I learned was to visual movements in my brain. This can help me in my future in Health Sciences by being able to quickly assess arthrokinematics :) I plan to continue analyzing movements in my everyday life!
The most important thing I have learned in this course is how to really think through questions that I am reading. Taking my time and really picturing what is going on in the body is really important to know how to do. This adds to my learning in the HS program because I feel I have a deeper understanding of the body and what goes on it in. 
